
It was the dawn of the Third Age of Mankind
Ten years after the Earth-Minbari War
The Babylon Project was a dream given form
Its goal to prevent another war by creating a place where humans and aliens could work out their differences peacefully

It's a port of call
Home away from home for diplomats, hustlers, entrepreneurs, and wanderers
Humans and aliens wrapped in 2,500,000 tons of spinning metal
All alone in the night


It can be a dangerous place but it's our last bеst hope for peace
This is thе story of the last of the Babylon stations
The year is 2258
The name of the place is Babylon 5




It was the dawn of the third century of our epoch,
fifty-eight years after Cataclysm swept the Earth.
The Terminal Project put space within reach
Six thin tethers 

Now, only one still stands
 

All alone in the night

It can be a brutal place, but it's our last, best hope for change
This is the story of the last of the Terminal stations
The year is 2170
The name of the place is Terminal IV

[Starring:]

[Directed by:]

[Executive Producers:]



1970-2070
2070-2170









Dream Askew gives us 

ruined buildings and wet tarps

nervous faces in the campire glow

strange new psychic powers, 

fierce queer love, 

and turbulent skies above a fledgling community, asking “What do you do next?”


Dream Askew gives us ruined buildings and wet tarps, nervous faces in the campire glow, strange new psychic powers, fierce queer love, and turbulent skies above a fledgling community, asking “What do you do next?”




Terminal_IV gives us riot shields and CCTV, cyberdecks slung low like guitars, jailbroken software on military chrome, AI ghosts in the hard drives of lovers who can't let go, and a community learning to thrive on a chain-link between dead Earth and the promised stars; on the Edge between a society that doesn't want us and a vacuum that doesn't care.


Terminal_IV gives us riot shields and CCTV, cyberdecks slung low like guitars, jailbroken software on military chrome, AI ghosts in the hard drives of lovers who can't let go, and a community on the Edge between a society that doesn't want us and a vacuum that doesn't care; on the last bridge between dead Earth and the promised stars. 







Terminal_IV gives us 


riot shields and CCTV, cyberdecks slung low like guitars, jailbroken software on military chrome, AI ghosts in the hard drives of lovers who can't let go, and a community on the Edge between a society that doesn't want us and a vacuum that doesn't care; on the last bridge between dead Earth and the promised stars. 





About the station





Once a bridge between 


payloads executed




a sunrise every minute



jailbreaks both kinds

introduces new standards and pushes those who won't give up pn the old way of life to the margins




terminal_IV gives us tear gas and CCTV, spray-paint and liquid propellant, , and an arms race to stay one step ahead of the survaillance state. 

It gives us a society among the stars, 36,000km above the corpse of a dead planet;


 a society hungry to extract life and data, to suck people dry for profit and package up whatever's left to sell. It gives us a world where megastructures on a scale beyond 21st century comprehension play host to familiar 21st century injustices, where the rich divide up the spoils of far-flung asteroids while the marginalised bake in cosmic radiation.

It gives us encryption and firewalls,

trains
zero day exploits 
social engineering


It gives us skyscraper-lined streets under spin gravity curving gently upwards;



computer terminals and nuclear engines glowing bright in the dark; 
trust your comrades implicitly but not every part of them 


bodies that are as much chrome as they are flesh; the uneasy collision between an unprecedented freedom to self-augment and self-express, and the extension of corporate control into the human body itself. It gives us cybernetics that erode the last bastion of privacy, the mind, and scream your secrets out to anyone willing to pay. It gives us the desperate struggle for the right to say "no. I will not be part of this system".   



 Hackers taming the hostile Net as their playground. Chromeheads pushing their bodies to act faster and stronger and more precisely than our flesh and bone have evolved to handle. 

It gives us the chance to rise to the level of legends, to burn brightly and go out with a bang... or maybe even to be the spark that ignites irrevocable change in a system poised to collapse.

not just dare to hope for a better future but also dare to take the ___ into our own hands
organise





















old


terminal_IV gives us tear gas and CCTV, spray-paint and liquid propellant, cyberdecks slung low like guitars, and an arms race to stay one step ahead of the survaillance state. 

It gives us a society among the stars, 36,000km above the corpse of a dead planet; a society hungry to extract life and data, to suck people dry for profit and package up whatever's left to sell. It gives us a world where megastructures on a scale beyond 21st century comprehension play host to familiar 21st century injustices, where the rich divide up the spoils of far-flung asteroids while the marginalised bake in cosmic radiation.

It gives us encryption and firewalls,

It gives us skyscraper-lined streets under spin gravity curving gently upwards; computer terminals and nuclear engines glowing bright in the dark; bodies that are as much chrome as they are flesh; the uneasy collision between an unprecedented freedom to self-augment and self-express, and the extension of corporate control into the human body itself. It gives us cybernetics that erode the last bastion of privacy, the mind, and scream your secrets out to anyone willing to pay. It gives us the desperate struggle for the right to say "no. I will not be part of this system".   

It gives us AI ghosts living on in the heads of lovers who just can't let go. Hackers taming the hostile Net as their playground. Chromeheads pushing their bodies to act faster and stronger and more precisely than our flesh and bone have evolved to handle. And a fragile community learning to thrive on the edge: inside, a city that doesn't want us; outside, a void that doesn't care.

It gives us the chance to rise to the level of legends, to burn brightly and go out with a bang... or maybe even to be the spark that ignites irrevocable change in a system poised to collapse.



year epoch event

1970     0 beginning of the epoch

2112   142 cataclysm

2170   200 modern day




cataclysm date: 2112
current year: 2170?





The Basics
The Game
Terminal_IV is a game about a group of ambitious (or desperate) cyberpunks building a criminal enterprise on a spinning space station teeming with opportunities and danger. It’s about evading the watchful gaze of The Monitors: the ever-vigilant regime who keep order on behalf of the megacorporations, whose cash props them up. It’s about trying to hold onto your identity in a world that treats you only as a product to be sold, a customer to be sold to, a risk to business to be mitigated by force; in a world where the line between person and thing is constantly blurred by the encroachment of cyberware and where the web of surveillance traps you wherever you go, on the Net and off it.   
We play to find out if the fledgling crew can survive long enough to leave their own stain in the blood-splattered annals of Terminal_IV. Will our characters go out at their zenith and rise to the status of folk heroes, their names on the lips of urban storytellers for generations to follow? Or will they simply disappear, meeting their ends silently in the void of space, or by a bullet to the back of the head in the Monitor’s cells, or in a pool of blood on the station’s uncaring streets? 
A lucky few may find another way out: a quiet exit from the scoundrel’s life on their own terms, perhaps, to roll the dice and hope to get a few good years in retirement before something finally gets them anyway? 
Or - and it seems almost unthinkable - maybe their plucky crew will wield a blade of change, shattering the darkness of Terminal_IV so completely that life becomes livable. The oppression of the Corpos and the Monitors their tame guard hounds may feel absolute, but nothing lasts forever, and with every upstart they execute, every innocent they make disappear, they load another bullet in the gun that will eventually be turned against them.
Maybe our crew will be the ones to finally pull the trigger.
The Setting
The game takes place inside and around Terminal_IV, the last habitable station still in Earth’s orbit. It was once one of six spaceports equally spaced around 60,000km above the equator, acting as counterweights for the six great cables which carried passenger and goods trains to and from the planet surface below. Earth’s vast industrial output coupled with its insatiable desire for goods shipped in from other worlds and raw materials harvested from far-flung asteroids guaranteed a steady stream of traffic through all six ports, and communities quickly sprung up on the six stations around the trade. 

Engineers responsible for maintaining and refuelling ships, spacers waiting for the right time to launch to benefit from the alignment of other solar system bodies, and travellers resting before embarking on the day-long train ride to the surface below all rubbed shoulders daily. As these cosmopolitan communities took on distinct characteristics from the societies below, their spinning pressurised rings, which simulated Earth’s gravity to facilitate long-term habitation, were continuously extended to support the increased population. 

175 years ago, in the year 2222 CE, the same cataclysm that scoured the Earth’s surface also destroyed the other five space elevator cables and the Terminal stations at their spaceward ends. The stations were either destroyed entirely, deorbited, or in the case of Terminal_II, welded up and dragged off towards another system by steadily-accelerating transport tugs. Now, 175 years later, it is reported to have gone missing in transit somewhere near the Orion OB1 association; the difficulty of communication over such large distances make it likely the cause of its disappearance may never be known. 

For a time, Terminal_IV was alone. The trade as it was before had all but stopped, since all the people down below were gone, and the few left on the planet’s surface had been twisted almost beyond recognition by the strange psychic maelstrom left behind by the scouring. A few still came and went down the elevator cable to the apocalypse world below, involved in the business of salvaging materials to support the extension of the station at a faster rate than ever before - the habitation ring was now overflowing with refugees from the other stations. The surface scavengers’ clothing had to be burned before they were allowed to disembark onto the station, and none were allowed to spend more than a few days on the surface at a time, but they still tended to die young and in agony nonetheless. 



Trade picks up/Corporations start to use Terminal as a testbed

Describe the station as it is today
The radiation-soaked, impactor-battered slumland of The Shards





