-----BEGIN PGP MESSAGE-----
Version: GnuPG v.6.4.1 (GNU/Linux)

team,

Sorry, dictating this, v busy. Think I've got a lead on where our next stack of 
cash is coming from, need an in or out asap. 

Overheard an exchange on comms 10-15 mins ago, dropped the audio on the bulletin 
board. Distress call from transport ship, operated by some haulier I've not 
heard of - "Jupiter-Trojan" - inbound from outer Solar System.
 
Leela's transcribed it, pasting in below--

│ epoch timestamp: 9226538401
│ scraped from long-range broadcast on emergency frequency
│ 
│ │ [TMR] SOS-CQD. SOS-CQD. This is the merchantman "Total Mass Retain XI",
│ │       JT-6218. Pirate contact, requesting urgent assistance--
│ │
│ │  ...  [intermittent static]
│ │
│ │ [CTL] This is Spaceport Authority at Earth Terminal 4, Incident Control. We 
│ │       read you loud and clear.    
│ │
│ │ [TMR] Inbound to the Earth system, approx 0.2 AU out. Intercepted by stealth
│ │       pirate vessel, refused to ditch cargo, accelerating away. Have burned
│ │       entire delta-v reserve, projected to overshoot our Earth intercept,
│ │       trajectory hurtling into inner solar system with no way to stop.
│ │       Require rendezvous with rescue and resupply tug ASAP. Broadcasting
│ │       navigational and identification information your direction--
│ │
│ │ [CTL] ...Copy that "Total Mass Retain", rebroadcasting to all tug vessels in
│ │       the vicinity. Please confirm your insurance has pre-approved for tug
│ │       rescue? And stand by to provide details for incident report.  
│ │
│ │ [TMR] Confirm insurance pre-approved for tug rescue, standing by for
│ │       incident report. 
│ │  
│ │  ...  [long pause]
│ │
│ │ [TUG] This is the tugship XY-66B "Bucharest" to Spaceport Authority at Earth
│ │       Terminal 4 and merchantman "Total Mass Retain". Reviewed nav data, 
│ │       calculations indicate in position to attempt rendezvous within next 24 
│ │       hours. Sorry to hear about your brush with pirates, send over your 
│ │       insurance info and we'll have you back in the Earth system by this
│ │       time next week!
│ │
│ │ [TMR] Thank you "Bucharest", establishing direct comms link. 
│
│ that's everything!
│    
│ love from Leela xoxo
│
│ p.s. inserting this bit after she said "Send" but don't let Aes bite off more
│      than she can chew again, yeah? relying on you guys <3

Took less than 5 to spearphish some poor sucker @ the S.A. for the flight plan
and goods manifest, it's a big old ship carrying a LOT of immunosuppresants for 
delivery to AlphaPharma the day after tomorrow.

Btw when I say it's carrying a LOT of immunosuppresant? I mean a LOT a lot. 
looks like AlphaPharma's entire supply for the coming month was on that ship, 
what's up with THAT? Price of immunostabs about to go through the effing HULL. 

If delayed the full week, half the chromeheads on the station are gonna go into 
withdrawal unless there's some super-secret stockpile we don't know about (hope
not). 

Either way, there's $$$ in this for us - have put in a purchase order to for all 
we can afford before the news travels, but we can do one better than that - 
Alpha have in-date stock still at their warehouses, let's klep it and fence it 
once the price sky-rockets. I have a plan, bring your crap and I'll fill you in.
Leela doesn't like the odds but when does she ever? If we make it out in one
piece, first thing I'm doing is deleting the coward data from her training set
hahaha

Aside: isn't it strange that they chose not to dump cargo as usual? Can't 
believe it's worth it for the delay and the cost of the rescue/insurance hike.
Their "unseal in case of pirates" orders must have said not to dump, mega sus,
what are they carrying that's not on the paperwork? I made twofish drop what
he's working on and look into it so we'll see what he can dig up.

All the usual greetings,,
   Aes x

oh btw gotta move fast on this so I'm assuming you're in unless you lmk
otherwise. all being well we move tonight. If we heard about this others will 
have too, gotta beat them to the punch!!
-----END PGP MESSAGE-----
